A lot of people call you the godmother
of AI. The work you did actually was the
spark that brought us out of AI winter
>> in the middle of 2015, middle of 2016.
Some tech companies avoid using the word
AI because they were not sure if AI was
a dirty word. 2017ish
was the beginning of companies calling
themselves AI companies.
>> There's this line, I think this was when
you were presenting to Congress, there's
nothing artificial about AI. It's
inspired by people. It's created by
people. And most importantly, it impacts
people.
>> It's not like I think AI will have no
impact on jobs or people. In fact, I
believe that whatever AI does currently
or in the future is up to us. It's up to
the people. I do believe technology is a
net positive for humanity. But I think
every technology is a double-edged
sword. If we're not doing the right
thing as a society, as individuals, we
can screw this up as well. you had this
breakthrough insight of just okay we can
train machines to think like humans but
it's just missing the data that humans
have to learn as a child
>> I chose to look at artificial
intelligence through the lens of visual
intelligence because humans are deeply
visual animals we need to train machines
with as much information as possible on
images of objects but objects are very
very difficult to learn a single object
can have infinite possibilities that is
shown on an image in order To train
computers with tens and thousands of
object concepts, you really need to show
it millions of examples.
Today, my guest is Dr. Feay Lee, who's
known as the godmother of AI. Feet has
been responsible for and at the center
of many of the biggest breakthroughs
that sparked the AI revolution that we
are currently living through. She
spearheaded the creation of ImageNet,
which was basically her realizing that
AI needed a ton of clean labelled data
to get smarter. And that data set became
the breakthrough that led to the current
approach to building and scaling AI
models. She was chief AI scientist at
Google Cloud, which is where some of the
biggest early technology breakthroughs
emerged from. She was director at Sale,
Stanford's artificial intelligence lab,
where many of the biggest AI minds came
out of. She's also co-creator of
Stanford's human- centered AI institute,
which is playing a vital role in the
direction that AI is taking. She's also
been on the board of Twitter. She was
named one of Time's 100 most influential
people in AI. She's also on the United
Nations Advisory Board. I could go on.
In our conversation, Fay shares a brief
history of how we got to today in the
world of AI, including this mind-blowing
reminder that 9 to 10 years ago, calling
yourself an AI company was basically a
death nail for your brand. because no
one believed that AI was actually going
to work. Today, it's completely
different. Every company is an AI
company. We also chat about her take on
how she sees AI impacting humanity in
the future, how far current technologies
will take us, why she's so passionate
about building a world model, and what
exactly world models are. And most
exciting of all, the launch of the
world's first large world model, Marble,
which just came out as this podcast
comes out. Anyone can go play with this
at marble.worldlabs.ai.
It's insane. Definitely check it out.
Fei is incredible and way too under the
radar for the impact that she's had on
the world. So, I am really excited to
have her on and to spread her wisdom
with more people. A huge thank you to
Ben Harowitz and Condisa Rice for
suggesting topics for this conversation.
If you enjoy this podcast, don't forget
to subscribe and follow it in your
favorite podcasting app or YouTube. With
that, I bring you Dr. Fay Lee after a
short word from our sponsors. This
episode is brought to you by Figma,
makers of Figma make. When I was a PM at
Airbnb, I still remember when Figma came
out and how much it improved how we
operated as a team. Suddenly, I could
involve my whole team in the design
process, give feedback on design
concepts really quickly, and it just
made the whole product development
process so much more fun. But Figma
never felt like it was for me. It was
great for giving feedback and designs,
but as a builder, I wanted to make
stuff. That's why Figma built Figma
Make. With just a few prompts, you can
make any idea or design into a fully
functional prototype or app that anyone
can iterate on and validate with
customers. Figma make is a different
kind of vibe coding tool. Because it's
all in Figma, you can use your team's
existing design building blocks, making
it easy to create outputs that look good
and feel real and are connected to how
your team builds. Stop spending so much
time telling people about your product
vision and instead show it to them. Make
codeback prototypes and apps fast with
Figma Makeake. Check it out at
figma.com/lenny.
Did you know that I have a whole team
that helps me with my podcast and with
my newsletter? I want everyone on that
team to be super happy and thrive in
their roles. Just Works knows that your
employees are more than just your
employees. They're your people. My team
is spread out across Colorado,
Australia, Nepal, West Africa, and San
Francisco. My life would be so
incredibly complicated to hire people
internationally, to pay people on time
and in their local currencies, and to
answer their HR questions 24/7. But with
Just Works, it's super easy. Whether
you're setting up your own automated
payroll, offering premium benefits, or
hiring internationally, JustWorks offers
simple software and 24/7 human support
from small business experts for you and
your people. They do your human
resources right so that you can do right
by your people. just works for your
people.
[Music]
Fay Fay, thank you so much for being
here and welcome to the podcast.
>> I'm excited to be here, Lenny.
>> I'm even more excited to have you here.
It is such a treat to get to chat with
you. There's so much that I want to talk
about. You've been at the center of this
AI explosion that we're seeing right now
for so long. We're going to talk about a
bunch of the history that I think a lot
of people don't even know about how this
whole thing started. But let me first
read a quote from Wyatt about you just
so people get a sense and in the intro
I'll share all of the other epic things
you've done but I think this is a good
way to just set context. Fay is one of a
tiny group of scientists a group perhaps
small enough to fit around a kitchen
table who are responsible for AI's
recent remarkable advances. A lot of
people call you the godmother of AI. And
unlike a lot of AI leaders, you're an AI
optimist. You don't think AI is going to
replace us. You don't think it's going
to take all our jobs. you don't think
it's going to kill us. So, I thought
it'd be fun to start there. Just what's
your perspective on how AI is going to
impact humanity over time?
>> Yeah. Okay. So, Lenny, let me be very
clear. I'm not a utopian. So, it's not
like I think AI will have no impact on
jobs or people. In fact, I'm a humanist.
I believe that whatever AI does in
currently or in the future is up to us.
It's up to the people. So I do believe
technology is a net positive for
humanity. If you look at the long course
of civilization, I think we are an
fundamentally we're an innovative
species that we you know if you look at
from you know written record thousands
of years ago um to to now humans just
kept innovating ourselves and innovating
our tools and with that we make lives
better. we make work better, we build
civilization, and I do believe AI is
part of that. So, that's where the
optimism comes from. But I think every
technology is uh is um a double-edged
sword. And uh if we're not doing the
right thing as a species, as a society,
as communities, as individuals, we can
screw this up as well. H there's this
line I think this was when you were
presenting to Congress. There's nothing
artificial about AI. It's inspired by
people. It's created by people and most
importantly it impacts people. Uh I
don't have a question there but what a
what a great line.
>> Yeah I I I feel pretty deeply. I you
know I started um working in AI two and
a half decades ago and I've been having
students for the past two decades and
almost every student who graduates I
remind them you know when they graduates
from my lab that your field is called
artificial intelligence but there's
nothing artificial about it.
>> Coming back to the point you just made
about how it's kind of up to us about
where this all goes. What is it you
think we need to get right? How how do
we set things on a path? I know this is
a a very difficult question to answer
but just what should what what's your
advice? What do you think we should
>> Yeah.
>> How many hours do we have?
>> How do we align AI? There we go. Let's
solve it.
>> Also, I think people should be
responsible individuals no matter what
we do. This is what we teach our
children and this is what we need to do
as grown-ups as well. No matter which
part of the AI development or AI
deployment or or AI application you are
participating in and most likely many of
us especially as technologists were were
in multiple points we should act like
responsible individuals and uh and care
about this actually care a lot about
this. I think everybody today should
care about AI because it is going to
impact your individual life. It is going
to impact your community. It's going to
impact the the society and the future
generation. And caring about it as a
responsible person is the first but also
the most important step.
>> Okay. So, let me let me actually take a
step back and kind of go to the
beginning of AI. Most people started
hearing and caring about AI is what it's
called today. Just like I don't know a
few years ago when JGBT came out. Maybe
it was like three years ago.
>> Three years ago. Almost one more month.
Three years ago.
>> Wow. Okay. That was JT GBT coming out.
Is that the milestone that you have in
mind? Okay. Cool. That's exactly how I
saw it. But very few people know there
was a long long history of people
working on it was called machine
learning back then and there's other
terms and now it's just everything's AI
and there was kind of like a long period
of just a lot of people working on it
and then there's this what people refer
to as the AI winter where people just
gave up almost people did and just okay
this this idea isn't going anywhere and
then the work you did actually was
essentially the spark that brought us
out of AI winter and is directly
responsible for the world we're in now
of just AI is all we talk about as you
just said it's going to impact
everything we do. So, I thought it'd be
really interesting to hear from you just
kind of like the brief history of what
the world was like before imageet, then
just the work you did to create
ImageNet, why that was so important, and
then just what happened after.
>> It is for me hard to keep in mind that
AI is so new for everybody. when I lived
my entire professional life in AI, it's
there's a part of me that is just it's
so satisfying to see a personal
curiosity that I started barely out of
teenagehood and and now has become a
transformative
force of our civilization. It generally
is a civilizational level uh technology.
So, so that journey is about about 30
years or 20 something 20 plus years and
uh it's it's just very satisfying. So,
where did it all start? Well, I'm not
even the first generation AI researcher.
The first generation really date back to
the 50s and 60s. And you know Alan
Touring was ahead of his time by in the
40s by asking daring humanity with the
question can we is there thinking
machines right and of course he has a
specific way of uh testing this concept
of thinking machine which is a
conversational chatbot which to his
standard we now have a thinking machine
but uh that was just a more anecdotal
inspir inspiration. The field really
began in the 50s um when computer
scientists came together and look at how
we can use computer programs and
algorithms to uh to build these programs
that can do things that have been only
capable by human cognition. So um and
and that was the beginning and the
founding fathers the Dartmouth workshop
in the 1956 uh you know we have
professor John McCarthy who later came
to uh Stanford who coined the term
artificial intelligence
and between the 50s60s 70s and 80s it
was the early days of AI exploration and
we had logic systems we had uh expert
systems We also had early exploration of
neuronet network and then it came to
around the late 80s, the 90s and the the
very beginning of the 21st century. That
stretch about 20 years is actually the
beginning of machine learning. It's the
marriage between computer programming
and statistical as uh learning. And that
marriage brought a very very critical
concept into AI which is that
purely rulebased
um uh program is not going to account
for the vast amount of cognitive
capabilities that we imagine computers
can do. So we have to use machines to
learn the patterns. Once the machines
can learn the patterns, it has a hope to
do more things. For example, if you give
it three cats, the hope is not just for
the machines to recognize these three
cats. The hope is the machines can
recognize the fourth cat, the fifth cat,
the sixth cat, and all the other cats.
And that's a learning ability that is
fundamental to humans and many animals.
and uh we we as a field realized we need
machine learning. So that was up till
the beginning of the 21st century. I
entered the field of AI literally in the
year of 2000. That's when my uh PhD
began at Caltech. And so I was one of
the first generation machine learning
researchers and we were already studying
this concept of machine learning
especially neuronet network. I remember
that was one of my first courses in at
Caltech is called neuro network but it
was very painful. It was still smack in
the middle of the so-called AI winter
meaning the public didn't look at this
too much. there wasn't that much funding
but there was also a lot of ideas
flowing around and I think two things
happened to myself that brought my own
career so close to the birth of modern
AI is that um I chose to look at
artificial intelligence through the lens
of visual intelligence because uh humans
are deeply visual animals. We can talk a
little more later, but so much of our
intelligence is built upon visual,
perceptual, spatial understanding, not
just language per se. I think they're
complimentary. So I chose to look at
visual intelligence and um my PhD and my
early uh professor years I um my
students and I are very committed to a
northstar problem which is solving the
problem of object recognition because
it's a building block for the perceptual
world. Right? We go around the world
interpreting, reasoning and interacting
with it more or less at the object
level. We don't interact with the world
at the molecular level. We don't
interact with the world as
um we sometimes do but we rarely for
example if you want to lift a teapot you
don't say okay the teapot is made of a
100 pieces of porcelain and let me work
on this 100 pieces you look at this as
one object and and interact with it. So
object is really important. So um I was
among the first uh uh researchers to
identify this as a northstar problem.
But I think what happened is that
as a student of AI and then a researcher
of AI, I was working on all kinds of
mathematical models including neuronet
network including Beijian network
including many many models and there was
one singular pain point is that these
models don't have data to be trained on
and uh as a field we were so focusing on
these models but It dawned on me that
human learning
as well as evolution is actually a big
data learning process. Humans learn with
so much experience you know constantly
and evolution if you look at time
animals evolve with just experiencing
the world. So I think my students and
and I conjectured
that a very critically overlooked
ingredient of bringing AI to life is big
data and then we began this image that
project in 2006 2007 we were very
ambitious we want to get the entire
internet's image data on objects now
granted internet was a lot smaller than
today so we I felt like that ambition
was at least not too crazy. Now it's
totally delusional to uh to think a
couple of graduate student and a
professor can do this. But uh and that's
what we did. We curated very carefully
15 million images on the internet.
Created a taxonomy of 22,000
concepts borrowing other researchers
work like a linguist work on wordnet and
it's a particular way of dictionarying
uh words and we combine that into image
that and we open source that to the
research community. We held an annual
image net challenge to encourage
everybody to participate in this. We
continue to do our own research. But
2012 was the moment that many people
think was the beginning of the deep
learning or birth of modern AI because a
group of Toronto researchers led by
professor Jeff Hinton
participated in imageet challenge used
the imageet big data and two GPUs from
Nvidia and created successfully the
first neuronet network algorithm that's
can it didn't fundamental it didn't
totally solved but made a huge progress
towards solving the problem of object
recognition and that combination of the
trio technology
uh big data neuronet network and GPU was
kind of the golden recipe for modern AI
and then fast forward the the the public
moment of AI which is the chat GPT
moment if you look at the ingredients of
what brought Chad GPT to to the to the
uh world technically still use these
three ingredients. Now it's internet
scale data mostly texts is a much more
com complex neuronet network um
architecture than 2012 but it's still
neuronet network and a lot more GPUs but
it's still GPUs. So these three
ingredients are still to at the core of
modern AI.
>> Incredible. I have never heard that full
story before. I love that it was two
GPUs was the f I love
and now it's I don't know hundreds of
thousands right that are orders of
magnitudes more powerful uh and those
two GPUs were they just bought they were
like gaming GPUs they just went to like
the game store right that people use for
playing games
>> as you said this continues to be in a
large way the way models get smarter
some of the fastest growing companies in
the world right now I've had them all
mostly on the podcast Merkore and Surge
and Scale like they do this they
continue to do this for labs just give
them more and more label data of the
things they're most excited about.
>> Yeah, I remember um Alex Wong from scale
very early days. I probably still has
his emails when he was starting scale.
He uh he was very kind. He keeps sending
me emails about how image that inspired
scale. I was very pleased to see that.
>> One of my other favorite takeaways from
what you just shared is just such an
example of high agency and just doing
things. That's kind of a meme on
Twitter. Just you can just do things.
you're just like okay this is probably
necessary to move AI and it was called
machine learning back then right was
that the term most people used
>> I think it was interchangeably it's true
like I do remember the companies the
tech companies I I'm not going to name
names but I was I was uh in a
conversation in one of the early days I
think is in the middle of 2015 middle of
2016 uh some tech companies avoids using
the word AI I because they were not sure
if AI was a dirty word. And I remember I
was actually
encouraging everybody to use the word AI
because to me that is one of the most
audacious question humanity has ever
asked in our quest for science and
technology and I feel very proud of this
term. But yes, at the beginning some
people were not sure.
>> What year was that roughly when AI was
developed? 2016 I think that was
>> less than 10 years ago
>> that was the changing like um some
people start calling it AI but I think
if you look at the Silicon Valley tech
company companies if you trace their
marketing term I think
2017ish
was the beginning of companies calling
themselves AI companies
>> that's incredible just how the world has
changed now you Can't not call yourself
an AI company.
>> I know.
>> Just nineish years later.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh man. Okay. Is there anything else
around the history that early history
that you think people don't know that
you think is important before we chat
about where think things are going in
the work that you're doing?
>> I think as all histories, you know, I'm
keenly aware that uh I am recognized for
being part of the history, but there are
so many heroes and so many researchers.
We're talking about generations of
researchers there. You know, in my own
world, there are so many people who have
in inspired me, which I I talked about
in my book. But I do feel our culture,
especially Silicon Valley tends to
assign um achievements to a single
person. Well, while I think it has
value, um but it's it's just to be
remembered. AI is a field of at this
point 70 years old and we have gone
through many generations. Um nobody no
one um could have gotten here by
themselves.
>> Okay. So let me ask you this question.
It feels like we're always on this
precipice of AGI. This kind of vague
term people throw around. AGI is coming.
Is it going to take over everything? How
what's your take on how far you think we
might be from AGI? Do you think we're
going to get there on the current
trajectory we're on? Do you think we
need more breakthroughs? Do you think
the current approach will get us there?
>> Yeah, this is a very interesting term,
Lenny. Um,
I don't know if anyone has ever defined
AGI.
You know, there are many different
definitions including, you know, some
kind of superpower for machines all the
way to can um a machines can become
economically viable agent in in the
society.
In other words, making salaries to live.
Is that the definition of AGI? As a
scientist, I I take science very
seriously and I enter the field because
I was inspired by this audacious
question of can machines think and do
things in the way that human humans can
do. For me, that's always the northstar
of AI. And from that point of view, I
don't know what's the difference between
AI and AGI. I think we've done very well
in achieving parts of the goal,
including conversational AI, but I don't
think we have completely conquered all
the goals uh of of AI. And I think our
founding fathers that Alan Turing, I
wonder if Alan Turing is around today
and you ask him to contrast AI versus
AGI, he might just shrug and said, well,
I asked the same question back in 1940s.
So, so I don't want to get get onto a
rabbit hole of defining AI versus AGI. I
feel AGI is more a marketing term than a
scientific term. As a scientist and
technologist,
AI is my northstar is my field's
northstar and I'm happy people call it
whatever name they want to call it.
>> So let me ask you maybe maybe this way
like you described there's kind of these
components that from ImageNet and
AlexNet kind of took us to where we're
today. GPUs essentially data label data
just like the algorithm of the model.
There's also just the transformer feels
like an important step in that
trajectory. Do you feel like those are
the same components that'll get us to I
don't know 10 times smarter model
something that's like life-changing for
the entire world or do you think we need
more breakthroughs? I know we're we're
going to talk about world models which I
think is a component of this but is
there anything else that you think is
like oh this will plateau or okay this
will take us just need more data more
compute more GPUs.
>> Oh no I definitely think we need more uh
innovations. I I think scaling loss of
more data, more GPUs and bigger current
model architecture is there's still a
lot to be done there. But I absolutely
think we need to innovate more. Um there
is not a single
deeply scientific discipline in human
history that has arrived at a place that
says we're done. We're done innovating.
And AI is one one of the if not the
youngest discipline in in human
civilization in terms of science and
technology. We're still scratching the
surface. Uh for example, um like I said,
we're going to segue into world models
today. You take a a model and and and
run it through a a video of a couple of
office rooms and ask the the model to
count the number of chairs. And this is
something a toddler could do or maybe
maybe a a a elementary school kid could
do and AI could not do that, right? So
um there's just so much AI today could
not do then let alone thinking about how
did you know um someone like Isaac
Newton look at the movements of the
celestial bodies and and and derive an
equation or or a set of equations that
governs the movement of all bodies that
level of creativity extrapolation
abstraction we have no way of enabling
AI to do that today. And then let's look
at emotional intelligence. If you look
at a student coming into a teacher's
office and have a conversation about
motivation, passion, what to learn,
what's the problem that's that's you
know really uh bothering you. that
conversation as powerful as as today's
conversational bots are, you don't get
that level of emotional cognitive
intelligence uh from today's AI. So
there's a lot we can do better. Um and I
do not believe we're done innovating.
>> Uh Demis had this really interesting
interview recently from deep mind Google
where someone asked him just like what
do you think uh how far are we from AGI?
What does it look like when it's through
there? He had a really interesting way
of approaching it is if we were to give
a the most cutting edge model all the
information until the end of the 20th
century see if it could come up with all
the breakthroughs Einstein had and so
far we're never near that but they can
>> no we're not in fact it's even worse
let's give AI all the data including
modern instruments data of celestial
bodies which Newton did not have and
give it to that and just ask AI to
create the six 17th century set of
equations on the laws of bodily
movements. Today's AI cannot do that.
>> All right, we're a ways away is what I'm
hearing.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, so let's talk about world models.
This is uh to me this is just another
really amazing example of you being
ahead of where people end up. So you
were way ahead on okay, we just need a
lot of clean data for AI and neural
networks to learn. uh you've been
talking about this idea of world models
for a long time. You started a company
to build uh essentially there's language
models. This is a different thing. This
is a world model. We'll talk about what
that is. And now uh as I was preparing
for this, Elon's like talking about
world models. Jensen's talking about
world models. I know Google's working on
this stuff. You've been at this for a
long time. And you're actually just
launched something that's going to we're
going to talk about uh right before this
podcast airs. Um talk about what is a
world model? Why is it so important? I'm
very excited to see that more and more
people are talking about role models
like Elon, like Jensen. Um,
I have been thinking about
really how to push AI forward all my
life, right? and the large language
models uh that came out of uh the
research world and then open AI and and
all this for the past few years were
extremely inspiring even for a
researcher like me. I remembered when
GPT2 came out and that was in I think
late 2020.
I was um co-director um I still am but I
was at that time uh full-time
co-director of Stanford's uh human
center AI institute and I I remember it
was you know the public was not aware of
the power of the large language model
yet but as researchers we were seeing it
we're seeing the future and I had pretty
long conversations with my natural
language processing colleagues like
Percy Leang and Chris Batting, we were
talking about how critical this
technology is going to be and Stanford
uh AI institute, human center AI
institute, hi was the first one to
establish a full research center um
foundation model. We were Percy Le Young
and and many researchers led the first
uh academic paper um foundation model.
So so it was just very inspiring for me.
So, of course, I come from the world of
visual intelligence and I was just
thinking there's so much we can um push
forward on beyond language because
humans um humans have used our sense of
spatial intelligence and world
understanding to do so many things and
they are beyond language. Think about a
very chaotic
first responder scene, whether it's fire
or some traffic accident or or some
natural disaster. And it's if you
immerse yourself in those scene and
think about how people organize
themselves to to rescue people, to stop
further disasters, to put down fires, to
to a lot of that is movements, is is
spontaneous understanding of objects,
worlds, hum
situational awareness. Language is part
of that. But a lot of those situations
language cannot get you to put down the
fire. So that is what is that? I I was
thinking a lot and in the meantime I was
doing a lot of robotics research and I
it ca it dawned on me that the lynch pin
of connecting
the additional intelligence in addition
to language and connecting embodied AI
which are robotics. connecting visual
intelligence is this sense of spatial
intelligence about understanding the
world and that's when um I think I um it
was 2024 I gave a TED talk about spatial
intelligence and world models and uh I
start formulating this idea uh back in
um based on my robotics and computer
vision research and then one thing that
is really clear to me is that I really
want to work with the brightest uh
technologist and and move as fast as
possible to bring this technology to
life. And that's when we founded this
company called World Labs. And you can
see the the the word world is in the
title of our company because we believe
so much in world modeling and spatial
intelligence.
>> People are so used to just chat bots and
that's a large language model. So the
simple way to understand a world model
is you basically describe a scene and it
generates an infinitely
explorable world. We'll link to a the
thing you launch which we'll talk about
but just is that a simple way to
understand it?
>> That's part of it Lenny. I think a
simple way to understand a world model
uh is that this model can allow anyone
to create
any worlds in their mind's eye by
prompting whether it's an image or a
sentence
and also be able to interact in this
world. whether you're browsing and
walking or or picking objects up or or
or changing changing things as well as
to reason within this world. For
example, if if the person consuming if
the agent consuming this output of the
world model is a robot, it should be
able to plan its path and and help to
you know tidy the kitchen for example.
So, so world model is a
a foundation that that you can use to
reason, to interact, and to create
worlds.
>> Great. Yeah. So, robots feels like
that's potentially the next big focus
for AI researchers and just like the
impact on the world. And what you're
saying here is uh this is a key missing
piece of making robots actually work in
the real world. Understanding how the
world works.
>> Yeah. Well, first of all, I do think
there's more than robots that's
exciting. Um so, but I agree with
everything you just said. I think uh
world modeling and spatial intelligence
is a key missing piece of uh uh embody
AI. I also think let's not underestimate
that humans are embodied agents and
humans can be augmented by AI's uh
intelligence just like today humans are
language animals but we're very much
augmented by AI when helping us to you
know do language tasks including
software engineering. I I think that uh
we shouldn't underestimate or maybe it's
it's um we tend not to talk about how
humans as an embodied agents can
actually benefit so much from world
models and spatial intelligent u models
as well as robots can. So the big
unlocks here, robots, which uh a huge
deal. If this works out, imagine each of
us has robots doing a bunch of stuff for
us. Goes into, you know, they help us
with disasters, things like that. Uh
games obviously is a really cool
example. Just like infinitely playable
games that you just invent out of your
head. And then creativity feels like
just like being fun, having fun, being
creative, thinking of m wild new worlds
and and environments.
>> And also design. humans design from
machines to buildings to homes and also
scientific discovery right there is so
much u I I like to use the example of
the discovery of the structure of DNA if
you look at one of the most important
piece in DNA's discovery history is the
X-ray defraction photo that was captured
by Rosalyn Franklin and it was a flat 2D
photo of a structure that looks like it
looks like a cross with defractions. You
can you can uh Google those photos. But
with that 2D flat photo,
humans, especially two important humans,
James Watson and Francis Crick, in
addition to their other uh information,
was able to reason in 3D space and
deduce a highly three-dimensional double
helix structure of the DNA. And that
structure cannot possibly be 2D. You
cannot think in 2D and deduce that
structure. You have to think in 3D
spatial um use the the human spatial
intelligence. So I think even in
scientific discovery um spatial
intelligence or AI assisted spatial
intelligence is critical.
>> This is such an example of I think it
was Chris Dixon that had this line that
the next big thing is going to start off
feeling like a toy. When Chad GBT just
came out, if like I remember Salman just
tweeted as like here's a cool thing
we're playing with. Check it out. Now
it's the fastest growing product all of
history changed the world.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and it's oftentimes the things that
just look like okay this is cool. Uh
that it's fun to play with and end up
changing the world most.
>> Yeah.
>> This episode is brought to you by Cinch,
the customer communications cloud.
Here's the thing about digital customer
communications. Whether you're sending
marketing campaigns, verification codes,
or account alerts, you need them to
reach users reliably. That's where Cinch
comes in. Over 150,000 businesses,
including eight of the top 10 largest
tech companies globally, use Cinch's API
to build messaging, email, and calling
into their products. And there's
something big happening in messaging
that product teams need to know about.
Rich Communication Services, or RCS.
Think of RCS as SMS 2.0. Instead of
getting text from a random number, your
users will see your verified company
name and logo without needing to
download anything new. It's a more
secure and branded experience. Plus, you
get features like interactive carousels
and suggested replies. And here's why
this matters. US carriers are starting
to adopt RCS. Cinch is already helping
major brands send RCS messages around
the world, and they're helping Lenny's
podcast listeners get registered first
before the rush hits the US market.
Learn more at get started at
cinch.com/lenny.
That's s i nch.com/lenny.
>> I reached out to Ben Horowitz who loves
what you're doing. A big fan of yours.
Uh they're investors I believe. And
>> yeah, we we've known each other for for
many years, but yes, right now they are
investors of uh Warlaps.
>> Amazing. Okay. So I asked him what I
should ask you about and he suggested
ask you why is the bitter why is the
bitter lesson alone not likely to work
for robots. So first of all just explain
what the bitter lesson was in the
history of AI and then just why that
won't get us to where we want to be with
robots.
So well first of all there are many
bitter lessons but
but the bitter lessons everybody refers
to is a u is a paper written by Richard
Sutton who won the touring award
recently and he does a lot of
reinforcement learning and Richard has
said right if you look at the the
history especially the algorithmic
development of AI it turns out simpler
model with a ton of data always win at
the end of the day instead of the the um
the you know more complex model with
less data. I mean that was actually this
paper came years after imageet that to
me was not bitter it was a sweet lesson
that's why I built uh image net because
I believe that uh big data plays that
role so why can bitter lesson work in
robotics alone well first of all um I
think we need to give credit to where we
are today robotics is very much in the
early days of
experimentation. It's not the the
research is not nearly as mature as say
language models. So many people are
still um experimenting with different
algorithms and some of those algorithms
are driven by big data. So I do think
big data will continue to play a role in
robotics and um but what is hard for
robotics there are a couple of things
one is that
it's harder to get data it's a lot
harder to get data you can say well
there is web data this is where the
latest robotics research is using web
videos and I think web videos do do play
a role but if you Think about what made
language model work. A very as someone
who does computer vision and and spatial
intelligence and robotics, I'm very
jealous of my colleagues in um in
language because they had this perfect
setup where their training data are in
words eventually tokens and then they
produce a model that outputs words. So
you have this perfect alignment between
what you hope to get which we call
objective function and what your
training data looks like. But robotics
is different. Even spatial intelligence
is different. You hope to get actions
out of robots.
But your training data lacks
actions in 3D worlds. And that's what
robots have to do, right? actions in 3D
worlds. So, you have to um find
different ways to fit a uh what do they
call a a a a square in a round hole that
what we have is tons of web videos.
So then we have to start talking about
uh adding supplementing
data such as teleaoperation data or
synthetic data so that the robots are
trained with this hypothesis of bitter
lesson which is large amount of data. I
think there's still hope because even
what we are doing um in world modeling
will really unlock a lot of this uh
information for robots but I think we
have to be careful because we're at the
early days of this and bitter lesson is
still to be tested uh because we haven't
fully figured out the data for another
part of the bitter lesson of robotics I
think we should be so
so realistic about is again compared to
language models or even spatial models,
robots are physical systems. So robots
are closer to self-driving cars than a
large language model. And that's very
important to recognize. That means that
in order for robots to work, we not only
need brains, we also need the physical
body, we also need application
scenarios. And if you look at the the
the the the
history of self-driving car, um my
colleague Sebastian Thrum uh uh took
Stanford's car uh to win the first DARPA
challenge in 2006 or 2005. It's 20 years
since that prototype of a self-driving
car being able to drive 130 miles in the
Nevada desert to today's Whimo and um on
the street of San Francisco and we're
not even done yet. There's still a lot.
So that's a 20 year journey. And
self-driving cars are much simpler
robots. They're just metal boxes running
on 2D surfaces. And the goal is not to
touch anything. Robot is 3D things
running in 3D world and the goal is to
touch things. So the journey is going to
be you know there's many aspects
elements and of course one could say
well the self-driving car early
algorithm were pre-deep learning era. So
deep learning is accelerating uh the
brains and I think that's true. That's
why I'm in robotics. That's why I'm in
spatial intelligence and I'm excited by
it. But in the meantime, the car
industry is very mature and productizing
also involves the mature
use cases, supply chains, the hardware.
So I think it's a very interesting time
to work in these problems. But it's true
Ben is right. we might still be subject
to a number of bitter lessons
>> doing this work. Do you ever just feel
awe for the way the brain works and is
able to do all of this for us? Just the
complexity just to get a a machine to
just walk around and not hit things and
fall. Does it just give you more spec
for what we've already got?
>> Totally. We we operate on about 20
watts.
That's dimmer than any light bulb in in
the room. I'm in right now. And yet we
can do so much. So I think actually the
more I work in AI, the more I respect
humans.
>> Let's talk about this uh product you
just launched. It's called Marble. A
very cute name. Talk about what this is,
why this important. I've been playing
with it. It's incredible. We'll link to
it and for folks to check it out. What
is Marble?
>> Yeah, I'm very excited. So first of all,
Marbo is uh one of the first product
that World Labs uh has rolled out.
Worldlabs is a foundation frontier model
company. We are founded by four
co-founders who have deep technical
history. My co-founders Justin Johnson
uh Kristoff uh Lassner and Ben
Mildenhal. We all come from the research
field of AI, computer graphics, computer
vision. And uh we believe that spatial
intelligence and world modeling is as
important if not more to uh language
models and uh complementaryary to to
language models. So we wanted to seize
this opportunity to create deep uh tech
research lab that can connect the dots
between um frontier models with
products. So, Marvel is an app that's
built upon our frontier models. We've
spent a year and plus building the
world's first uh generative model that
can output genuinely 3D worlds. That's a
very very hard problem. Um and uh and I
it it was a very hard process. Uh we uh
we have a team of incredible founding
team of incredible technologists from
you know incredible uh teams. And then
around um just a month or two ago, we
saw the first time that we we can just
prompt with a sentence and an image and
multiple images and create worlds that
we can just navigate in. If you put it
on goggle, which we have an option to
let you do that, you can even walk
around, right? So it was even though
we've been building this for for for
quite a while, it was still just all
inspiring and we wanted to get into the
hands of uh people who need it. And then
we know that so many creators,
designers, people who are thinking about
uh robotic simulation, people who are
thinking about uh different use cases of
uh navigable interactable
um uh immersive worlds, game developers
will find this useful. So we uh develop
developed Marble as a first step. It's
it's again still very early uh but it's
the world's first uh model doing this
and it's the world's first uh product
that allows people to just uh prompt we
call it prompt to worlds.
>> Well, I've been playing around with it.
It is insane. Like you could just have a
little sh world where you just
infinitely walk around Middle Earth
basically and there's no there's no one
there yet but uh it's insane. You just
go anywhere. There's like dystopian
world. I'm just looking at all these
examples.
>> Yes. Uh, and my favorite part actually,
I don't know, I don't know if this is a
feature or bug, you can see like the
dots of the world before it actually
renders with all the textures. And I
just love to like you get a glimpse into
what is going on with this model.
basically create.
>> That's so cool to hear because this is
where as a researcher I I I'm learning
because the the the the dots that lead
you into the world was a an intentional
feature uh visualization. It is not part
of the model. It's uh the model actually
just generates the world. We we were
trying to find a way to guide people
into the world and a number of engineers
uh worked on different versions but we
converged on the dot and so many people
you're not the only one told us how
delightful that experience is and it it
was really satisfying for us to hear
that this intentional visualization
feature that's not just the big hardcore
model actually has delighted our users.
>> Wow. So, you add that to make it more uh
like to have humans understand what's
going on more, get more delightful. Wow,
that is hilarious. It makes me think
about LM and the way they it's not the
same thing, but they talk about what
they're thinking and what they're doing.
>> Yes, it is. It is.
>> It also makes me think about just the
Matrix. Like, it's exactly the Matrix
experience. I don't know if that was
your inspiration.
>> Um, well, like I said, a number of
engineers worked on that. It could be
their inspiration. It's in their It's in
their uh It's in their subconscious.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, just for folks that may want
to play around with this, maybe use it.
What's like what are some applications
today that folks can start using today?
What's what's your goal with this
launch?
>> Yeah. So, um we do believe that world
modeling is very horizontal, but we're
already seeing some really exciting uh
use cases. virtual production for movies
because what they need are 3D uh worlds
that they can align with the camera so
when the actors are acting on it uh they
can you know they can uh position the
camera and shoot the the segments really
well and uh we're already seeing um
incredible use in fact I don't know if
you have seen our launch video showing
marble it was produced by a virtual uh
production company. We we collaborated
with Sony and they use marble things to
shoot those videos. So our we were
collaborating with those uh uh technical
artists and directors and they were
saying this has cut our uh production
time by uh 40x.
In fact it has tox.
>> Yes. In fact, I had to because we only
had one month to work on this project
and and there were so many things they
were trying to shoot. So, so using
marble really really significantly
accelerated the production of virtual
virtual production for VFX and movies.
That's one use cases. We are already
seeing our users putting uh taking our
marble scene and taking the mesh export
and putting games you know whether it's
games on VR or games uh just just just
fun games that they they have developed
we have had um we were showing uh an
example of uh robotic simulation because
uh when I was I mean I'm still am a
researcher doing robotic uh training.
One of the biggest pain point is to
create synthetic data for training
robots. And these synthetic data needs
to be very diverse. They need to come
from different environments with
different objects to manipulate. And uh
and one path to it is is to ask uh
computers to simulate. Otherwise, humans
have to, you know,
build every single asset for robots.
That that's just going to take a lot
longer. So we already have researchers
reaching out and wanting to use marble
to create those synthetic environments.
We also have unexpected um user uh
outreach in terms of uh how they want to
use marble. For example, a psychologist
team called us to use marble to do
psychology research. It turned out some
of the psychiatric patients they study,
they need to understand how their brain
respond to different immersive scenes of
different features. Uh, for example,
messy scenes or clean scenes or or
whatever you name it. And it's very hard
for researchers to get their hands on um
these kind of immersive scenes. and it
will take them too long and too much
budget to uh to to create. And Marble is
a really almost instantaneous way of
getting so many of these um experimental
uh environments into their hands. So,
we're seeing um uh we're seeing multiple
use cases at this point, but the the
VFX, the game developers, the simulation
uh uh developers as well as designers
are very excited.
>> This is very much the way things work in
AI. I've had other AI leaders on the
podcast and it's always like put things
out there early as soon as you can to
discover where the big use cases are.
the head of CHAJBT told me how when they
first put out ChatJBT, he was just
scanning TikTok to see how people were
using it and all the things they were
talking about and that's what convinced
them where to lean in and and help them
see how people actually want to use it.
I love this last use case of like for
therapy. I'm just imagining like like
heights, people seeing dealing with
heights or snakes or spiders, which
>> it's amazing. A friend of mine last
night literally called me and talked
about his height scare and asked me if
marble should be used. That's amazing.
You went straight there.
>> That's, you know, cuz I'm imagining all
the like the exposure therapy uh stuff
like this could be so good for that. Uh
that is so cool. Okay, so let me I
should have asked you this before, but I
think there's a qu there's going to be a
question of just how does this differ
from things like V3 and other video
generation models? It's pretty clear to
me, but I think it might be helpful just
to explain how this different from all
the video AI tools people have seen.
>> Wordlab's thesis is that spatial
intelligence is fundamentally very
important and spatial intelligence is
not just uh uh it's not just about
videos. In fact, the world is not
passively watching videos passing by,
right? Um I I love uh Plato has the
allegory of the cave analogy uh to
describe vision. He said that imagine a
prisoner tied on his chair uh not not
very uh humane but um uh in in a cave uh
watching a full life theater uh on the
in front of him. But but the actual live
theater that actors are acting is behind
his back. It was just lit so that the
projection of the the uh the action is
on a on a wall of the cave and and then
the goal the the task of this prisoner
is to figure out what's going on. It's a
pretty extreme example, but it really
shows it describes what vision is about.
is that to make sense of the 3D world or
4D world out of 2D. So spatial
intelligence to me is deeper than owning
creating that flat 2D world. Spatial
intelligence to me is the ability to
create, reason, interact, make sense of
deeply spatial world, whether it's 2D or
3D or 4D, including dynamics and all
that. So, so World Lab is focusing on
that. And of course, um the ability to
create videos per se, could be part of
this. And in fact uh just a couple of
weeks ago we rolled out the world's
first uh realtime
demoable realtime video generation on a
single uh H100 GPU. So we we we part of
our technology includes that. But I
think Marvel is very different because
we really want creators, designers,
developers to have in their hands a
model that can give them uh worlds with
3D structure so they can use it for for
their work. And that's where that's why
Marble is so different.
>> The way I see it is it's a it's a
platform for a ton of opportunity to do
stuff. uh as you described videos are
just like here's a oneoff video that's
very fun and cool and you could and
that's it and that's it and you move on.
>> By the way, we could in Marble we could
allow people to export in video form. So
you could actually, like you said, you
go into a world. So So let's say it's a
hobbit uh cave, you can actually,
especially as a creator, you have such a
uh specific way of uh uh moving the
camera in a trajectory in the director's
mind, right? And then you can export
that uh from Marble into a video.
>> What does it take to create something
like this? Just like how big is the
team? How many how many GPUs you
working? Like anything you can share
there? I don't know how much of this is
private information, but just what does
it take to create something like this
that you've launched here?
>> It takes a lot of brain power.
So, we just talk about 20 watts per
brain. It's uh so from that point of
view, it's it's a small number, but but
it's actually an incredible, you know,
it's a half billion years of evolution
to get give us those power. Um we have a
team of 30ish people now and uh we are
predominantly
uh researchers and research engineers
and uh but we also have designers and
and product. We we actually really
believe that we want to create a company
that's anchored in the deep tech of
spatial intelligence but uh we we we are
actually building serious products. Um
so so we have we have this uh
integration of R&D and productization
and of course we use you know a ton of
GPUs. That's a that's the technical
>> I'm so happy to hear.
>> Well, congrats on the launch. I know
this is a huge milestone. I know this
took a ton of work. So, I just want to
say congrats to you and your team.
>> Let me talk about your founder journey
for a moment. So, you're a founder of
this company. You started how many years
ago? Couple years ago, two, three years
ago.
>> Oh, a year ago. A year ago.
>> A year. Okay.
>> 18 month. Yeah.
>> Okay. What's something you wish you knew
before you started this that you wish
you could like whisper into the ear of
Fay of 18 months ago?
>> Well, I continue to wish I know
the future of technology. I think
actually that's one of our founding
advantage is that we see the future
earlier in general than than most
people. But still, man, this is so
exciting and so uh amazing that that
what's unknown and what's coming. But I
know the reason you're asking me this
question is not about the future of
technology. You're probably more, you
know, look, I I did not start a company
of this scale
at 20 year old. So, you know, I started
a dry cleaner when I was 19, but that's
a little smaller scale. we got to talk
about that
>> and and then I you know um founded
Google Cloud AI and then I founded an
institute at Stanford but those are
different beasts. I did feel I was a
little more prepared as a a founder of
the the grinding journey that um that I
um compared to maybe um maybe the the
the 20 year old founders. But I still
I'm surprised and and and uh it puts me
into paranoia sometimes that how
intensely competitive uh AI landscape is
from
from the model the technology itself as
well as talents. And you know when I
founded the company um we did not have
these incredible stories of how much
certain talents would cost you know um
so these are things that continue to
surprise me and uh and I have to be very
alert about.
>> So the competition you're talking about
is yeah the competition for talent the
speed at which how things are moving.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. you mentioned this point that I
want to come back to that you if you
just look over the course of your
career. You were like at all of the
major uh collections of humans that led
to so many of the breakthroughs that are
happening today. Obviously we talked
about Imageet also just sale at Stanford
is where a lot of the work happened at
Google cloud which a lot of the
breakthroughs happened. What brought you
to those places? uh like for people
looking for how to advance in their
career, be at the center of the future,
just like is there a throughine there of
just what pulled you from place to place
and pulled you into those groups that
might be helpful for people to hear?
>> Yeah, this is actually a great question,
Lenny, because I do think about it and
uh
obviously we talked about it curiosity
and passion that brought me to AI. That
is more a scientific northstar, right? I
did not care if AI was a thing or not.
So, so that was one part. But how did I
end up choosing
um in the particular places I work in
including starting world labs is
I think I'm very grateful
to myself or maybe to my parents' jeans.
I'm I'm an intellectually very fearless
person and I have to say when I hire
young people I look for that because I
um
I think that's a very important quality
if one wants to make a difference is
that when you want to make a difference
you have to accept that you're creating
something new or you're diving into
something new. people haven't done that.
And if you have that self-awareness, you
almost have to allow yourself to be
fearless and to be courageous. So when I
uh for example um came to Stanford, you
know, in the world of academia,
I was very close to this thing called
tenure um which is, you know, have the
job forever in in at Princeton. But I
I choose to chose to come to Stanford
because I love Princeton. It's my alma
mater. It's just at that moment there
are people who are so amazing at
Stanford and the Silicon Valley
ecosystem was so amazing that I was okay
to take a risk of restarting my tenure
clock.
um going to um becoming the first uh
female director of sale. I was actually
relatively speaking a very young faculty
at that time and I wanted to do that
because I care about that community. I
didn't spend too much time thinking
about all the failure cases. Obviously,
I was very lucky that the more senior
faculty supported me, but I just wanted
to make a difference. And then going to
Google was similar. I wanted to work
with people like Jeff Dean, Jeff Hinton,
and um all these incredible Dennis, the
the incredible people. Um
I you know, so so the same with World
Labs. I I I have this passion and I also
believe that people with the same
mission can do incredible things. So
that's how it guided my through through
life. I don't overink
of all possible things that can go wrong
because that's too many.
>> I feel like that's an important element
of this is not focusing on the downside,
focusing more on the people, the
mission. What gets you excited? What do
you think? Uh I do yeah I do want to say
one thing to all the young talents in AI
the engineers the researchers out there
because some of you apply to world labs.
I I feel very privileged you considered
world labs. I do find many of the young
people today
think about every single
aspect of a equation when they decide on
jobs at some point. Maybe, you know,
maybe maybe that's the way they want to
do it. But sometimes I do want to
encourage young people to focus on
what's important because I find myself
um constantly in mentoring mode when I
talk to job job candidates. Not
necessarily recruiting or not
recruiting, but just in mentoring mode.
When I see an incredible young talent
who is overfocusing on every minute
dimension and aspect of considering a
job when
when maybe the most important thing is
where's your passion? Do you align with
the mission? Do you believe and have
faith in this team?
and and just just focus on the impact
and and you can make and the kind of
work and team you can you can work with.
>> Yeah, it's tough. It's tough for people
in the AI space now. There's so much so
much at them, so much news, so much
happening, so much FOMO.
>> That's true.
>> I could see the stress. And so, I think
that advice is really important. Just
like what will actually make you feel
fulfilled in what you're doing, not just
where's the fastest growing company?
Where's the who's going to win? I don't
know. I want to make sure I ask you
about the work you're doing today at
Stanford at the HCI. I think it's HAI
human centered AI institute.
>> What are you what are you doing there? I
know this is a thing you do on the site
still.
>> So yes, I HAI human center AI institute
was co-founded by me and a group of
faculty like uh professor John Hendy,
professor James Landy, um professor
Chris Manning back in 2018. I was
actually finishing my last the last
sabbatical at Google. Um and uh it was a
very very important decision for me
because I could have stayed in industry
but my time at Google taught me one
thing is AI is going to be a
civilizational technology and it it's it
dawned on me how important this is to
humanity to the point that I actually
wrote a piece in New York Times that
year 2018 to talk about the need for a
guiding framework to develop and to
to apply AI and that framework has to be
anchored in human benevolence is human
centerness and I felt that Stanford uh
one of the world's top university in the
heart of Silicon Valley that gave birth
to important companies from Nvidia to
Google uh should um be a thought leader
uh to create this human- centered AI
framework and to um to actually embody
that in our research education and
policy and in ecosystem work. So I
founded HAI it uh you know after uh fast
forward after six seven years it has
become the world's largest AI institute
that does human- centered um uh research
education uh ecosystem outreach and
policy uh in uh in uh impact. Uh it
involves hundreds of faculty across all
eight schools at Stanford from medicine
to education to sustainability to
business to engineering to humanities to
uh law and uh we we support researchers
especially at the interdisciplinary area
from digital economy to uh legal studies
to political science to discovery of new
drugs.
uh to to new algorithms to that's beyond
transformers. We also actually put a
very strong focus on um on policy
because when we started HAI I realized
that Silicon Valley did not talk to
Washington DC and or Brussels or other
parts of the world and it's re given how
important this this technology is we
need to bring everybody on board. So we
created multiple programs from
congressional boot camp to um AI index
report to policy briefing and we
especially
uh participated in policym including um
advocating for a u a national AI
research cloud bill that was passed in
the first Trump administration and
participate participating in state level
uh regulatory AI discussions. So there's
a lot we did and and I continue to be um
one of the the leaders even though I'm
much less involved operationally
because I care not only we create this
technology but we use it in the right
way.
>> Wow. I was not aware of all that other
work you were doing. Uh, as you were
talking, I was reminded Charlie Mer had
this quote, take a simple idea and take
it very seriously. I feel like you've
done that in so many different ways and
and stayed with it and it's unbelievable
the impact that you've had in so many
ways over the years. I'm going to skip
the lightning round and I'm just going
to ask you one last question. Is there
anything else that you wanted to share?
Anything else you want to leave
listeners with?
>> I I'm very excited by AI Lenny. Uh I
want to answer one question that I when
I travel around the world everybody asks
me is that if I'm a musician, if I'm a
teacher, middle school teacher, if I'm a
nurse, if I'm an accountant, if I'm a
farmer, do I have a role in AI or is AI
just going to take over my life or my
work? And I think this is the most
important question of AI. And I find
that in Silicon Valley, we tend not to
speak heart-to-heart with people with
people like us and and not like us in
Silicon Valley, but like all of us, we
tend to just toss around words like
infinite productivity or infinite
leisure time or or you know, infinite
power or whatever. But at the end of the
day, AI is about people. And when people
ask me that question, it's a resounding
yes. Everybody has a role in AI. It
depends on what what you do and what you
want. But no technology should take away
human dignity and the human dignity and
agency should be at the heart of the
development, the deployment as well as
the governance of every technology. So
if you are a young artist
and your passion is storytelling,
uh, embrace AI as a tool. In fact,
embrace Marvel. I hope it becomes a tool
for you. Um, because the way you tell
your story is unique and this the world
still needs it. But how you tell your
story, how do you use the most
incredible tool to tell your story in
the most unique way is important and
that that voice needs to be heard. If
you're a farmer near retirement, AI
still matters because you're a citizen.
You can participate in your community.
You should have a voice in how AI is
used, how AI is applied. you you work
with people that you can you know
encourage all of all of you to use AI uh
to make life easier for you. If you're a
nurse, I hope you know that at least in
my uh career, I have worked so much in
healthc care research because I feel our
health care workers should be greatly
augmented and helped by AI technology
whether it's smart cameras to feed more
uh in information or robotic assistance
because our nurses are overworked, over
fatigued And as our society ages, we
need more help for for people to be
taken care of. So AI can play that role.
So I just want to say that it's so
important that um even a technologist
like me um are sincere about that
everybody has a role in AI.
>> What a beautiful way to end it. Such a
tie back to where we started about how
it's up to us and take individual
responsibility for what AI will do in
our lives. Final question, where can
folks find Marble? Where can they go?
Maybe uh try to join uh World Labs if
they want to. What's the website? Where
do people go?
>> Well, World Labs website is
www.worldlabs.ai
and you can find um you can find our
research progress there. We we have
technical blogs. You can find Marble the
product there. You can sign in there.
You can find our job posts uh link
there. You can uh you know, we're in San
Francisco. We love to work with the
world's best talents.
>> Amazing. Fay, thank you so much for
being here.
>> Thank you, Lenny.
>> Bye, everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.